./proj5 proj5_imperial.txt proj5_rebel.txt
Welcome to Star Wars
Ships loaded
How many ships would you like on a team? 10
The battle begins...
The Imperial Kiltirin-class Dungeon Ship attacks the Rebel GR-75 Combat Retrofit
The Rebel GR-75 Combat Retrofit was destroyed.
The Imperial Kiltirin-class Dungeon Ship attacks the Rebel MC80 star cruiser
The Rebel MC80 star cruiser was damaged.
The Rebel MC80 star cruiser attacks the Imperial Kiltirin-class Dungeon Ship
The Imperial Kiltirin-class Dungeon Ship was damaged.
The Imperial Kiltirin-class Dungeon Ship attacks the Rebel MC80 star cruiser
The Rebel MC80 star cruiser was destroyed.
The Rebel Consular-class cruiser attacks the Imperial Kiltirin-class Dungeon Ship
The Imperial Kiltirin-class Dungeon Ship was destroyed.
The Imperial Lambda-class T-4a Shuttle attacks the Rebel Consular-class cruiser
The Rebel Consular-class cruiser was destroyed.
The Imperial Lambda-class T-4a Shuttle attacks the Rebel Kleeque-class transport
The Rebel Kleeque-class transport was damaged.
The Rebel Kleeque-class transport attacks the Imperial Lambda-class T-4a Shuttle
The Imperial Lambda-class T-4a Shuttle was damaged.
The Rebel Kleeque-class transport attacks the Imperial Lambda-class T-4a Shuttle
The Imperial Lambda-class T-4a Shuttle was damaged.
The Imperial Lambda-class T-4a Shuttle attacks the Rebel Kleeque-class transport
The Rebel Kleeque-class transport was damaged.
The Imperial Lambda-class T-4a Shuttle attacks the Rebel Kleeque-class transport
The Rebel Kleeque-class transport was destroyed.
The Rebel YV-929 armed freighter attacks the Imperial Lambda-class T-4a Shuttle
The Imperial Lambda-class T-4a Shuttle was destroyed.
The Imperial Spiral-class Assault Ship attacks the Rebel YV-929 armed freighter
The Rebel YV-929 armed freighter was damaged.
The Rebel YV-929 armed freighter attacks the Imperial Spiral-class Assault Ship
The Imperial Spiral-class Assault Ship was destroyed.
The Rebel YV-929 armed freighter attacks the Imperial Imperial-class Star Destroyer Mark III
The Imperial Imperial-class Star Destroyer Mark III was destroyed.
The Imperial Curich-class Shuttle attacks the Rebel YV-929 armed freighter
The Rebel YV-929 armed freighter was destroyed.
The Rebel Nu-class attack shuttle attacks the Imperial Curich-class Shuttle
The Imperial Curich-class Shuttle was damaged.
The Imperial Curich-class Shuttle attacks the Rebel Nu-class attack shuttle
The Rebel Nu-class attack shuttle was damaged.
The Rebel Nu-class attack shuttle attacks the Imperial Curich-class Shuttle
The Imperial Curich-class Shuttle was damaged.
The Imperial Curich-class Shuttle attacks the Rebel Nu-class attack shuttle
The Rebel Nu-class attack shuttle was damaged.
The Imperial Curich-class Shuttle attacks the Rebel Nu-class attack shuttle
The Rebel Nu-class attack shuttle was destroyed.
The Imperial Curich-class Shuttle attacks the Rebel Muurian transport
The Rebel Muurian transport was damaged.
The Rebel Muurian transport attacks the Imperial Curich-class Shuttle
The Imperial Curich-class Shuttle was destroyed.
The Imperial TIE Oppressor attacks the Rebel Muurian transport
The Rebel Muurian transport was damaged.
The Rebel Muurian transport attacks the Imperial TIE Oppressor
The Imperial TIE Oppressor was destroyed.
The Rebel Muurian transport attacks the Imperial V-38 Sentinel
The Imperial V-38 Sentinel was damaged.
The Imperial V-38 Sentinel attacks the Rebel Muurian transport
The Rebel Muurian transport was destroyed.
The Imperial V-38 Sentinel attacks the Rebel YV-330 light freighter
The Rebel YV-330 light freighter was damaged.
The Rebel YV-330 light freighter attacks the Imperial V-38 Sentinel
The Imperial V-38 Sentinel was destroyed.
The Imperial Decimation-class Super Star Destroyer attacks the Rebel YV-330 light freighter
The Rebel YV-330 light freighter was destroyed.
The Rebel Assault Frigate Mark I attacks the Imperial Decimation-class Super Star Destroyer
The Imperial Decimation-class Super Star Destroyer was destroyed.
The Rebel Assault Frigate Mark I attacks the Imperial Imperial-class Star Destroyer Mark II
The Imperial Imperial-class Star Destroyer Mark II was destroyed.
The Rebel Assault Frigate Mark I attacks the Imperial Arc-class Assault Ship
The Imperial Arc-class Assault Ship was destroyed.
You win!!!
